Add concurrency section (#18)
swiftwasm/swiftwasm-book: src/examples/concurrency.md

# Running `async` functions in WebAssembly

> On macOS, iOS, and Linux, `libdispatch`-based executor is used by default, but `libdispatch` is still not supported on WebAssembly since WebAssembly runs on single thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On macOS, iOS, and Linux, `libdispatch`-based executor is used by default, but `libdispatch` is not supported in single-threaded WebAssembly environment.
```

> However, there are still two available global task executors in SwiftWasm. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, there are still two global task executors available in SwiftWasm.
```

## Cooperative Task Executor

`Cooperative Task Executor` is the default task executor in SwiftWasm. It is a simple single-threaded cooperative task executor implemented in [Swift Concurrency library](https://github.com/apple/swift/blob/0c67ce64874d83b2d4f8d73b899ee58f2a75527f/stdlib/public/Concurrency/CooperativeGlobalExecutor.inc).

> If you are not familiar with "Cooperative" in concurrent programming term, see [its definition for more detail](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cooperative_multitasking).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not familiar with "Cooperative" in concurrent programming term, see [its definition for more details](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cooperative_multitasking).
```

> If you are not familiar with "Cooperative" in concurrent programming term, see [its definition for more detail](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cooperative_multitasking)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not familiar with "Cooperative" in concurrent programming term, see [its definition for more detail](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cooperative_multitasking).
```

This executor has an *event loop* that dispatches tasks until no more tasks are enqueued, and exits immediately after all tasks are dispatched.

> Note that this executor won't yield the control to the host environment during execution, so any host's async operation cannot callback to the Wasm execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this executor won't yield control to the host environment during execution, so any host's async operation cannot call back to the Wasm execution.
```

> This executor is suitable for WASI command line tool, or host-independent standalone applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This executor is suitable for WASI command line tools, or host-independent standalone applications.
```

```swift
// USAGE
// $ swiftc -target wasm32-unknown-wasi -parse-as-library main.swift -o main.wasm
// $ wasmtime main.wasm
@main
struct Main {
    static func main() async throws {
        print("Sleeping for 1 second... 😴")
        try await Task.sleep(nanoseconds: 1_000_000_000)
        print("Wake up! 😁")
    }
}
```

## JavaScript Event Loop-based Task Executor

`JavaScript Event Loop-based Task Executor` is a task executor that cooperates with the JavaScript's event loop. It is provided by [`JavaScriptKit`](https://github.com/swiftwasm/JavaScriptKit), and you need to activate it explicitly by calling install method.

This executor also has itsown *event loop* that dispatches tasks until no more tasks are enqueued synchronously.

> It yields the control to the JavaScript side every after all pending tasks are dispatched, so JavaScript program can callback to the Wasm execution.

Reviewer 2: Mistake: "every after all"

After a task is resumed by callbacks from JavaScript, the executor starts its event loop again in the next microtask tick.

To enable this executor, you need to use `JavaScriptEventLoop` module, which is provided as a part of `JavaScriptKit` package.

0. Ensure that you added `JavaScriptKit` dependency to your `Package.swift`
1. Add `JavaScriptEventLoop` dependency to your targets that use this executor

```swift
.product(name: "JavaScriptEventLoop", package: "JavaScriptKit"),
```
2. Import `JavaScriptEventLoop` and call `JavaScriptEventLoop.installGlobalExecutor()` before spawning any tasks to activate the executor instead of the default cooperative executor.

Note that this executor is only available on JavaScript host environment.

> See also [`JavaScriptKit` package README](https://github.com/swiftwasm/JavaScriptKit/#asyncawait) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See also [`JavaScriptKit` package `README`](https://github.com/swiftwasm/JavaScriptKit/#asyncawait) for more details.
```
